CS 142 Assignment 3
Working with Loops and Arrays
DUE on Wednesday, October 25 at 11:59 PM

Create a Java class LoopsAndArrays which contains a main method. Your program will work with an array of int values named a which is
stored as a public static variable named a. An example value is shown below, but your code must work with any array of ints that is
in a. The test program will assign different arrays to a to test your program’s correctness.

public static int[] a = {13, 2, 20, -32, 3};

You may write and use your own static methods within LoopsAndArrays if you would like, but you can complete the assignment entirely within
the main method without writing other methods. However, your code should not call any methods built into Java or from any third party to
assist your work. The test program will test for this. Instead, you should perform all calculations yourself using basic math operations.
You can borrow code we wrote in class. The only methods you may call (aside from your own) are
System.out.print and System.out.println.

Your program will produce four lines of output in the order shown below. The example lines below are what would be printed
for the example array above, but your code should calculate the values in a way that would work for any array of ints stored in a.

First, what is the smallest positive value in the array (greater than 0)? Print a line that looks like this: Smallest positive value: 2

Second, how many prime numbers are contained within the array? Only consider numbers which are 2 or larger to be prime. Print a line that looks like this: Prime count: 3

Third, does the array contain a number which is a square of an integer plus one? In the above example, 12 + 1 = 2.
Another example of such a number (not in the example array): 92 + 1 = 82.
Answer the question with “yes” or “no” when you print a line that looks like this: Contains a square plus one: yes

Fourth, does the array contain two elements x and y whose product (x times y) is equal to the sum of the entire array?
The two elements may have the same value but they should have different indexes. Print out a line that looks like this, but
put “no” after the colon instead of “x and y” if there is no such a and b according to the above definition.

Two elements with product equal to array sum: 2 and 3 