CS 142 Assignment 1
Baking Calculator
DUE on Monday, October 9 at 11:59 PM

You are a baker and you are in charge of baking two recipes. 
 
First is a chocolate chip cookie recipe.
It makes four dozen cookies.

Ingredients:
2 ¼ cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup (2 sticks) butter softened
1 ½ cups sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 eggs
2 ½ cups chocolate chips

Second is a banana bread recipe.
It makes one loaf of banana bread.
Ingredients: 2 bananas
1 / 3 cup softened butter
¾ cup sugar
1 egg
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 / 8 teaspoon salt
1 ½ cups all-purpose flour

The store sells the ingredients in the following packaged quantities and prices:
5 lb of all-purpose flour for $2.50
26 oz of salt for $1.09
16 oz of baking soda for $1.09
1 liquid ounce of vanilla extract for $3.99
1 dozen eggs for $1.59
1 lb sugar for $1.99
1 lb (4 sticks) butter for $4.19
1 banana for $0.16
12 oz (2 cups) chocolate chips for $3.99

Note that there are two kinds of ounces in the British (American) measurement system, weight and volume. 
For this assignment, “oz” refers to a weight measurement and “liquid ounce” refers to a volume measurement.

Here are some handy conversion factors:
3 1 / 3 cups of flour in a pound
6 teaspoons of salt or baking soda in an oz
2 cups of sugar in a pound 
6 teaspoons in a liquid ounce
12 things in a dozen (hopefully you knew that one!)
The recipes and price list have a couple of additional conversion factors in parentheses. 

Your assignment: Create a simple Java program. Begin the program with a comment containing your first and last name.
Name the class BakingCalculator. In the main method, the first two lines should be: 

int cookieCount = 24;
int loafCount = 1; 

cookieCount will define the number of chocolate chip cookies that you want to bake, and loafCount will define the number of banana bread loaves.
Your main method will use these variables to scale the recipes and calculate how much of each item to buy.
It should print out information in the following format, including the ()s (only the X and Y values will vary):

Shopping list for X cookie(s) and X loaf(s) of bread:
X bag(s) of flour X
package(s) of salt X
box(es) of baking soda X
bottle(s) of vanilla extract X
carton(s) of eggs X
bag(s) of sugar X
package(s) of butter
X banana(s)
X bag(s) of chocolate chips 
 
Total cost: $Y 

The X values above should all be printed as the calculated integer values with no decimal point showing.
The Y value should be shown with a decimal point. A tester program will be made available on Canvas.
It will tell you to change your program. Follow its directions and advice! 
 
You must buy exactly as many items as you need to bake the recipes (you may end up with some left over but not a whole item).
The same ingredients purchased can be used to bake both kinds of items (for example, you could split a bag of flour between the cookies and bread).

Hand in the file BakingCalculator.java on Canvas. (Don’t worry about the values you have in cookieCount and loafCount when you hand in the program.) 

EXTRA CREDIT 2 POINTS: You may notice that the “total cost” may show up sometimes as a slightly weird number due to the way floating point numbers are represented.
Can you find a way to always show the total cost with exactly two cents figures, e.g. $98.00? HINT: Reading Eck’s book carefully may help you.